You you you
You are Xu Ling, ha.
It's a coincidence that I met you here
unfortunately
The place you smashed is my stall.
Don't smash it, don't smash it
Section Chief, this, this, this is, it's off again
What did Xu Linan hide?
What do you know?
He's someone the military wants to be
It's my 300 million house
Don't scare young people
It's all grown-up stuff that's not worth mentioning
And now I'm retired.
eat
Section Chief Wang raises your hand high
You say so
Kill me
So can we continue this show?
Dad! Dad!
You guys continue?
Play music, dance.
Brother Wang, don't worry, I won't make it difficult for you.
I will not lose a penny of the fine I should pay.
But as a person, I have nothing else to pursue
I just want to make my wife happy
No matter what the activity
As long as my wife is happy
As long as the people are happy, it is a good event.
What do you think?
Haha, what my brother said is yes, hahaha.